[Music]
Over 2000 years ago, in the sacred land of India,
Prince Siddhartha, still a Buddhist king, was a man of extraordinary
stature, with a beautiful wife and children, surrounded by treasures and
fame. He was not
satisfied when he saw the suffering of
birth, old age, sickness, and death.
Where is true happiness? The prince was
always concerned, how to free himself
and all sentient beings
from the suffering
of old age, death, and sickness. On
the 8th of February, the prince
renounced his wife and children, and together with the Jade Heart Temple,
he prayed for the truth to save
countless beings from suffering. The noble renunciation of the lion,
for the happiness of all beings, the
two words "Saddha," the great renunciation, the renunciation, the pursuit of
truth, the attainment of Buddhahood.
For happiness forever.
[Music]
Over 2000 years ago,
in the sacred land of India,
Prince Siddhartha, still a Buddhist king, was a man of extraordinary
stature, with a beautiful wife and
children, surrounded by treasures and fame. He was
not satisfied when he saw the suffering of
birth, old age, sickness, and death.
Where is happiness? The
prince always yearned to find a way for himself
and all sentient beings to
escape the suffering
of old age, death, and sickness. On
the 8th of February, the prince
renounced his wife and children, and together they prayed at the Jade Heart Temple
for the truth to relieve suffering. Oh, Prince Siddhartha, the
great renunciation for the
happiness of sentient beings, the noble renunciation for the happiness of all
beings. Prince Siddhartha, the great renunciation,
sought the truth to attain Buddhahood.
For the happiness of all beings,
Prince Siddhartha maintained his great renunciation, sought the
truth to attain Buddhahood.
For the happiness of all beings.
[Music]